content/photography/detroit20.md, before:


+++
title = "Detroit 2020"
template = "detroit20.html"
+++

Some of my favorites from a trip to Detroit with the homie Cam.  
<br>
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit1.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit2.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit3.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit4.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit5.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit6.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit7.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit8.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit9.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit10.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit11.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit12.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit13.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit14.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit15.jpg)
![d1](/images/photography/detroit/detroit16.jpg)  
<br>
Looks super random, but actually we planned this trip to see a Larry June concert
and shoot in the city.  Little did we know this would be our last trip under "normal"
circumstances.  We left Pittsburgh on 3/13/2020.  Right at the beginning of the 
COVID-19 pandemic.  When we left Pittsburgh everything was normal, but by the time
we got to Detroit everything was shut down and we found out the concert was cancelled
we already drove all the way there so we made it as fun as we could.  
<br>
I'd say it was still a good time.  
<br>
Check out my homie [Cam's photos.](https://bamcrown.com/)

Commit message:

updated alt tags for detroit

content/photography/detroit20.md, after:


+++
title = "Detroit 2020"
template = "detroit20.html"
+++

Some of my favorites from a trip to Detroit with the homie Cam.  
<br>
![semi with a hole in the trailer](/images/photography/detroit/detroit1.jpg)
![ohio turnpike sign](/images/photography/detroit/detroit2.jpg)
![light inside of rest stop](/images/photography/detroit/detroit3.jpg)
![more light inside rest stop](/images/photography/detroit/detroit4.jpg)
![cam paying a toll](/images/photography/detroit/detroit5.jpg)
![flat road in Ohio](/images/photography/detroit/detroit6.jpg)
![old hotel front](/images/photography/detroit/detroit7.jpg)
![old hotel side](/images/photography/detroit/detroit8.jpg)
![lady reading in a coffee shop](/images/photography/detroit/detroit9.jpg)
![me in a wine bar in Detroit](/images/photography/detroit/detroit10.jpg)
![wines in the bar](/images/photography/detroit/detroit11.jpg)
![people in the bar](/images/photography/detroit/detroit12.jpg)
![cam digging through records](/images/photography/detroit/detroit13.jpg)
![interesting light downtown detroit](/images/photography/detroit/detroit14.jpg)
![interesting parking booth](/images/photography/detroit/detroit15.jpg)
![detroit opera house](/images/photography/detroit/detroit16.jpg)  
<br>
Looks super random, but actually we planned this trip to see a Larry June concert
and shoot in the city.  Little did we know this would be our last trip under "normal"
circumstances.  We left Pittsburgh on 3/13/2020.  Right at the beginning of the 
COVID-19 pandemic.  When we left Pittsburgh everything was normal, but by the time
we got to Detroit everything was shut down and we found out the concert was cancelled
we already drove all the way there so we made it as fun as we could.  
<br>
I'd say it was still a good time.  
<br>
Check out my homie [Cam's photos.](https://bamcrown.com/)
